update spring boot version (#1480)
oktadeveloper/okta-blog: _source/_posts/2024-01-15-spring-boot-graphql-react.md

- [LandOwnershipAmericans.csv](https://guides.neo4j.com/ukcompanies/data/LandOwnershipAmericans.csv)
- [PSCAmericans.csv](https://guides.neo4j.com/ukcompanies/data/PSCAmericans.csv)

> Spring Boot’s Docker Compose integration now supports Neo4j. Edit the file `compose.yml` and add a service for the Neo4j database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spring Boot's Docker Compose integration now supports Neo4j. Edit the `compose.yml` file and add a service for the Neo4j database.
```

> auth0 test token -a https://<your-auth0-domain>/api/v2/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
auth0 test token -a https://<your-auth0-domain>/api/v2/ -s openid
```

```

> Select the **CLI Login Testing** app or any available client when prompted, you don't need to select any scope. You will also be prompted to open a browser window and log in with a user credential.

Reviewer: I think it's better to add `-s openid` as a scope so the user isn't confused when they're prompted for one.
